Ariel Mirabal: Good morning.
Morning.
Ariel Mirabal: I'm so sorry. My daughter walked out here, and I was like, it's so early. I don't know why she's awake.
Gwenevere Abriel: We
Gwenevere Abriel: Want to take a second and kind of see if you can set up the
Gwenevere Abriel: Phone somewhere. So it's propped up. I don't think quite have enough time to to start em, Dr. But you know what, even the piece that I'm thinking of doing today, it's still part of it. So it's still going to feel like we're we're working towards that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm
Ariel Mirabal: Sitting in the garage. So
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, I see.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what I'd like to do today with with what we've got here as far as timing is to
Gwenevere Abriel: Develop the anchor room with you and this is basically a safe space so that you can use imagery. You can use this. It's not only just that in and of itself for for future your use but developing the room itself has a lot of therapeutic benefit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes it takes one session rarely most times three or four, it takes a while to develop. It's not like, oh, remember when you were, you know, up in the mountains and it was a sunny day, this is pretty intense.
Ariel Mirabal: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: A couple of instructions to it, it'll be tempting for you to want to insert insert memory.
Gwenevere Abriel: You'll probably be tempted to want to force memory. But that's not what the invitation is the invitation is to get everything that you need and want in there. Yes, I will be asking
Gwenevere Abriel: Three memory questions. I'll tell you what they are at least two of them. One of them is going to be an age old I'll do. Okay. And how old are you, and then that's it, not jam in everything that was going on at that memory.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to naturally do it and there's no wrong way for you to do this activity. I could screw it up but you you can't, okay. I don't want you to be thinking, oh, I'm not doing this right. Nope. There's no way you can do it wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's usually like okay, good. So I can't can't say anything wrong. Can't do anything wrong. Fantastic. So, um, so the other memory pieces I might ask you, Hey, did she have a nickname.
Gwenevere Abriel: At that age. Did you have a nickname at that age and you'll say yes or no and then what is it that's the other memory pieces third one's going to happen somewhere in the middle of the activity.
Gwenevere Abriel: But if you'll know it's it's a real precise zeroed in kind of memory question.
Gwenevere Abriel: But if it naturally comes up. Hey, this is. Oh, I remember it was this. I remember this. You might hear me say, okay, you're remembering it was it was pink.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that what you want right now. So that's kind of where that are you forcing in memory into this space.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or are you kind of letting what the need is emerge and so that you might hear me do a little bit of that. It doesn't mean you did anything wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: It just means I'm guiding it means I'm going to be doing guiding so all have lots of questions that will move you along to the next step.
Gwenevere Abriel: You do not have to do my job for me, which is the analysis part you can just just okay. Oh, look at that, look what just came up and then because I can't read your mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: Unfortunately, right. I gotta have some words with it. So I know that's going on with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And again, I care about the body. I want to know what's happening. Is there a big like
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, stress response. Is there a big tightening stomach turning all those kind of things I want. I want to hear about them. They're all relevant for me. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. So that said, let's develop this anchor room and the anchor room starts kind of with a sense of where you're at now like
Gwenevere Abriel: Where are you feeling blocked, you know, kind of stuck, you've been trying to solve something and you're kind of stuck. You've mentioned a couple of things to me. And there's a theme that keeps showing up in group.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know if that's where you're feeling
Ariel Mirabal: Boy, I am I just, what were you thinking as far as like
Ariel Mirabal: What I know
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I, yeah, I do.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's the, hey, I need to provide right like in right here. I'm right. I gotta tell you
Ariel Mirabal: Yes, the acceptance for yeah because I'm working on that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so, um, let's find a
Gwenevere Abriel: Minor really not as useful as how you word it so go into what we were just doing I heard you say acceptance, maybe it's something else. It just take a few seconds to kind of just get in touch with what how you would say, I'm feeling blocked around and what that is.
Ariel Mirabal: I do know something like right away. We just
Ariel Mirabal: Want to make sure
Ariel Mirabal: Okay, I just wanted to make sure that door was closed. Um,
Ariel Mirabal: I did think of something right away. As far as like how I am. And I've literally been having a little bit of
Ariel Mirabal: There's just been a little tension in the house with my boyfriend's mother and I
Ariel Mirabal: Usually been very good about getting along with each other. We have butt heads a few times in the past, but it's just been really hardly and
Ariel Mirabal: There's just been. I don't know if it's just me being insecure.
Gwenevere Abriel: So is it is it. So see if you can say, I feel blocked around, see if we can sort of fine tune that I get the inner personal and it's Arlene, we're talking about
Ariel Mirabal: Yes. Okay.
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Much with the block.
Ariel Mirabal: Okay, let me think.
Ariel Mirabal: It's like my biggest issue right now so I feel blocked.
Ariel Mirabal: From being able to
Ariel Mirabal: Openly speak to her, I think. Okay.
Ariel Mirabal: And like it boosts her
Gwenevere Abriel: Get close
Ariel Mirabal: Yeah, and being able to get close to her.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm. All right. Um, and
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's do do it, just a little bit of grounding now just sort of turn your attention. My eyes are closed now and let's just see if we can sort of through breath and body awareness just sort of get into a state of
Gwenevere Abriel: Just the slow rhythm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of tuning in Word.
Gwenevere Abriel: And paying attention to messages that come from more subtle cues, maybe shifts
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe you'll notice a little movement in hand or shoulder or neck or something might just move ever so slightly. We don't want to miss that opportunity to hear the message.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe focusing for a moment on breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now just sort of having that belly breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alone expanding
Gwenevere Abriel: deflating
Gwenevere Abriel: Setting the intention for experiencing release new information.
Gwenevere Abriel: New understanding insight.
Gwenevere Abriel: Into
Gwenevere Abriel: Not feeling able to be open to speak.
Gwenevere Abriel: To her and get close to her.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's understand a little bit more what the emotion is when you have that thought when you hold it there and you think I'm not able to openly speak.
Gwenevere Abriel: To our lean and get close to her. What's the emotion you feel
Ariel Mirabal: Good makes me really sad.
Gwenevere Abriel: makes you sad. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And where do you feel that schematically in your body.
Ariel Mirabal: Like my stomach. I think I
Think
Gwenevere Abriel: I noticed a little bit of sort of tight shoulders a little bit of this to just a little bit of this and sort of a stiffening. Is that how it felt as you tried to identify it wasn't sure.
Ariel Mirabal: Yeah, absolutely. Very, very a lot of stiff.
Ariel Mirabal: Feel like I will go my fingers a lot when I'm really trying to focus on something.
Gwenevere Abriel: I care. I want to know that. Yeah, I can't see them. So that's good. I went on my thing. I'm trying to focus
Ariel Mirabal: Yeah, like I feel like are my feet, something like move something moves. It's either my hands or my feet.
Ariel Mirabal: Okay, I'm really trying to
Ariel Mirabal: Think about something.
Ariel Mirabal: Or it's my fingers. I'm just really trying to be like discrete both my fingers.
Ariel Mirabal: Yeah, and I'm
Ariel Mirabal: really anxious and that's why I feel like it's in my I feel it in my stomach because I get these like
Ariel Mirabal: I don't know what you call them like little knots in your stomach. When I get anxious and it's kind of like, I don't know. It doesn't hurt or anything, but obviously it's something that I can feel
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's there's not only this, it started with sad, but then when you touch into the stomach, it, it felt anxious, like the emotion kind of was more of an anxious
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Okay. And then an awareness that the hands and the feet are kind of being discreet while you're trying to focus
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Okay.
Ariel Mirabal: I feel like there.
Ariel Mirabal: Yeah, like you would probably barely be able to notice if you're sitting in front of me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm trying to tell me that
Ariel Mirabal: Or I be one of those like restless leg syndrome that you can see I'm like always wiggling my. It's always my right leg. Actually my right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Ariel Mirabal: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And is it bouncing up and down.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So get in touch with originating with I can't, can't get close with
Gwenevere Abriel: CAN'T SPEAK TO can't get close sad.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then anxious
Gwenevere Abriel: And that stomach having a knot.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then this is this is the memory question go back to the earliest age that you remember that that was president
Ariel Mirabal: Oh, man.
Ariel Mirabal: I feel like this was within the very first year.
Ariel Mirabal: That rusty and I were together, which was eight years ago.
Ariel Mirabal: But
Ariel Mirabal: It was a specific incidents that I thought of right when you asked me that.
Ariel Mirabal: Okay, harder for me.
Ariel Mirabal: To feel like
Ariel Mirabal: Even that she wanted me to be close. It was when we got our first apartment. Together we moved out. And of course, I, I know that this is another thing I'm going to miss my daughter so much when she leaves out, you know,
Ariel Mirabal: But, you know, he moved out with me. And I remember him saying something about her calling and saying something to do you miss
Ariel Mirabal: Do you miss any of the things that I used to make for you and cook for you like it was something like that. And I kind of made me feel like that was kind of like the little first kickoff.
Ariel Mirabal: Like okay, that's, you know, that's nothing. That's his mom misses and no mean it's just as He really is. It's very attached to it. So it's kind of one of those and and same thing, vice versa if her in her son so they have this bond.
Ariel Mirabal: And I think that it really hurt her. When him and I started to get serious and that that kind of showed a little bit and
Ariel Mirabal: It made me a little nervous because I would never try to get known about but it just made me nervous. I mean, you feel like that's what she thought or something, you know, so then there's just since then eight years ago. And that was the start with
Gwenevere Abriel: A little bit of right now there's a real press I'm noticing, and I could be off with this a real process to try to address the dynamics between you
Gwenevere Abriel: And Arlene is a real like you're focused on not notice I didn't say, remember the first communication of first discord.
Gwenevere Abriel: What I asked was to go bridge back further. So go back into the actual body come back into your body. And I know you're you're giving me these stories and they're very useful. And I've made notes on them.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I'm want to know more about the body's response and how old this is so go go in to just how it feels to be sad.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you cannot
Gwenevere Abriel: Openly speak and get close to someone, you want to
Ariel Mirabal: And that's deeper that's like anyone not just her
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, right, that I'm looking for that earlier stage, but you're likely to find it by paying attention to how old it is in the stomach because it starts with sad.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then there's an awareness of knots in the stomach and it, it becomes this anxious
Ariel Mirabal: God, I feel like since I was like a little kid. I feel bad, like thinking about the feeling and how it feels when I like you're saying when I feel like that and remembering feeling like that before.
Ariel Mirabal: I mean, at such a young age. I feel like I was always really shy, like I couldn't talk to people ever
I was
Gwenevere Abriel: So is this again. That's the only question is age noticing you're wanting to give me a story.
Ariel Mirabal: Right, I'm thinking like six years old.
Gwenevere Abriel: Got it does a six year old have a nickname.
Ariel Mirabal: My nickname was Bluebell
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: If I called you, that would you sort if I were to distinguish adult you from the child six year old self. If I said Lou LaBelle and then there was Arielle
Gwenevere Abriel: Then you'd be able to have these distinctions of age. Fantastic. Thank you. And just, just notice how how tempting. It is again to want to give memory story to it. Right. Remember, I mentioned that was probably going to happen. And there it is.
As productive.
Gwenevere Abriel: But we got we got the age we got age six and I even have a nickname. And so the only other memory question.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is going to come much, much later.
Gwenevere Abriel: So here we go. This is right brain stuff not stored knowledge tucked away over on the left side. This is going to be. We're heading into cookie.
Ariel Mirabal: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're heading into metaphor.
Gwenevere Abriel: Heading into imagery, the one
Gwenevere Abriel: Where imagination lives.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, it may not have physically existed before. But it can exist in your imagination as we're talking about it. So try your very best to not censor, I want to know.
Gwenevere Abriel: What pops up first, because that's where the psychodynamic parts come into play. It's what comes up first before all of the social conditioning comes in and you swatted away and think to yourself, I shouldn't say that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want. I want to know the first filter. No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Filtered I just, there's nothing you can say honestly at this point 20 some years of doing this.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, what are you going to say that's good surprise me. I
Gwenevere Abriel: was surprised. I'm always surprised. Every day shocked me about that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, so really give yourself just carte blanche permission to just whatever comes up and we'll just take it from there. Just let my next question. Guys, you don't have to analyze. Well, why did she say that don't bother. I'm here for that. OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: OK, enough work for us to catch the first response, let alone to all these other pieces. So here we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we can giggle you can definitely. LAUGH Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: We can laugh to get through it if it seems totally silly. So my first question is, when you think about being in this home that you're in now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, just sort of walk through the rooms and kind of picture the color and what's around and you know picture your daughter. You just put her back to sleep and all the different people around in the space that you're in. That's your calling home.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'd like you to in your imagination. Add a room.
Gwenevere Abriel: Attach a room to this home and it can be any size any shape anything
Gwenevere Abriel: But just notice where you attached it. And what you notice about this room and as much as you can. We're going to get into describing it. So tell me what you notice
Ariel Mirabal: Any kind of a room. Yeah, something
Ariel Mirabal: Anything.
Yeah.
Ariel Mirabal: Okay.
Ariel Mirabal: This
Ariel Mirabal: Additional room.
Ariel Mirabal: For some reason the color of the walls, keep changing in my head.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I got changing from what to what, what did you know it started with and then changed.
Ariel Mirabal: I had like teal green in my head.
Ariel Mirabal: It's not the same color like a light green in my head that I had like a pink.
Ariel Mirabal: Apostle purple.
Ariel Mirabal: I had a deep red like thinking of what forest color. I don't know why I was just thinking of all kinds, we
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't have to do any of the you notice that you're, you don't have to know why I'm doing that for you today. You're paying me for it. You might as well let me do it.
Ariel Mirabal: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can change it to this pale, I gotta take to out here. It's like a pale green
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay and pink pastel them purple then deep red. And so now, so maybe we just just sort of go in with the color of the room keeps changing. And just noticed the size of it and other if there's windows. If there's things on the walls, just kind of tune in there.
Ariel Mirabal: There is a window and it's facing the mountain, so I can see out of the way.
Ariel Mirabal: And have a nice view.
Ariel Mirabal: The room is empty.
Ariel Mirabal: There's nothing in the room. It's just an open space link. There's no furniture.
Ariel Mirabal: Just the window.
Gwenevere Abriel: Described the window, the size any blinds curtains.
Ariel Mirabal: It's quite a large window there is absolutely no blinds or curtains on
Ariel Mirabal: It's one of those ones that has like the crisscrosses going through it.
Okay.
Ariel Mirabal: Just a really big size window on one of the walls.
Ariel Mirabal: And it's just straight out.
Ariel Mirabal: With the view of the mountains.
Ariel Mirabal: And it's just like a quiet, peaceful room.
Ariel Mirabal: Like a room for personal space and thoughts to go like, there's nothing in there. There's no furniture.
Gwenevere Abriel: A space for
Gwenevere Abriel: Something and thoughts.
Ariel Mirabal: As a space for quiet like
Gwenevere Abriel: quiet place and thoughts. Okay. Yep.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice anything else on the walls now have this window and
Gwenevere Abriel: The colors keep changing
Ariel Mirabal: The colors are still changing. I'm still not seeing a specific color. But if I added any kind of paint to the wall, it would have been trees and river like a river running through the trees, something like nature and walls and
Ariel Mirabal: I would see that on one of the walls of this room.
Gwenevere Abriel: Definitely
Ariel Mirabal: The wall that's
Ariel Mirabal: Opposite of the window.
Ariel Mirabal: Just be a huge wall like a mural paint have a forest.
Gwenevere Abriel: The same with the trees and the rivers that with that is that
Gwenevere Abriel: Or is it a different ok ok for us.
Ariel Mirabal: It is completely off, but I'm seeing light blue for the for the walls.
Ariel Mirabal: Right side.
Ariel Mirabal: Just like
Ariel Mirabal: None of the colors that were there before.
Ariel Mirabal: To left and right wolves, and then there's that big window in the front and then European
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's see if you can have a sense of you mentioned earlier that it's quiet. This time really focus on
Gwenevere Abriel: Just notice the sound when you're in that space, what you hear.
Ariel Mirabal: Myself breathing as your Eric slow
Gwenevere Abriel: Like a
Ariel Mirabal: Nice coming through them.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's air flow, there's a there's a breeze. And then there's all sort of your breathing.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And do you notice how it feels, on the skin, the temperature of this room.
Ariel Mirabal: It's very cool.
Ariel Mirabal: There's a ceiling fan.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what do you notice for a cent that's in there.
Ariel Mirabal: Like a woodsy sense
Ariel Mirabal: I don't know how to describe that.
Ariel Mirabal: Would be set.
Gwenevere Abriel: And notice now this last bit any taste that you notice
Ariel Mirabal: No taste.
Taste.
Gwenevere Abriel: Take a look at how you got there, you get into this space.
Ariel Mirabal: I walked in there.
And
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh locked in. And can you describe the doorway door everything about it color what it's made of. No handle handle just the whole deal just into detail about it.
Ariel Mirabal: Right away, see like white trim around the around the door.
Ariel Mirabal: Okay, it's
Ariel Mirabal: It's around door. It's not square one and
Ariel Mirabal: Felt like a round top
Ariel Mirabal: Sort of, but it does have a door.
Ariel Mirabal: opens and closes just a white door. I'm just doing the white door. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what do you think it's made of
Ariel Mirabal: Wood.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay and handles any kind of locking system.
Ariel Mirabal: The door locks it would be just a
Ariel Mirabal: Metal
Ariel Mirabal: Door piece door handle lock everything
Ariel Mirabal: Just a regular to learn and lock.
Gwenevere Abriel: Regular okay
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: This is like a
Gwenevere Abriel: Like a steel color oppression Nicole kind of colors or another color that
Ariel Mirabal: It's cold.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Which side is the lock on
Ariel Mirabal: Is on my right hand side of the door.
Gwenevere Abriel: While you're inside the room.
Ariel Mirabal: Know, while I'm outside the room. Sorry. So it would be on my left. If I'm standing inside the room.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you lock the door from the inside the room.
Ariel Mirabal: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it locked now.
Ariel Mirabal: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's on the other side of that room on either side of that door.
Ariel Mirabal: Stop Holloway.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Ariel Mirabal: And some other rooms. Know the hallway.
Gwenevere Abriel: And when you revisit the imagery
Gwenevere Abriel: So get a sense of what you're doing in that room. What are you doing in there.
Ariel Mirabal: looking out the window.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's get a sense of tactile so be aware of the flooring notice whether you have shoes. No shoes, making contact with right touch. Can your feet feel what it's like to be on the flooring.
Ariel Mirabal: Yes.
Ariel Mirabal: A hardwood floor.
Ariel Mirabal: It feels kind of cool little cool bottom of my feet.
Ariel Mirabal: Still soft
Gwenevere Abriel: And subtle.
Ariel Mirabal: Soft on the little grainy, I guess. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Often grainy.
Ariel Mirabal: stuff but grainy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and
Gwenevere Abriel: I will colors that wood floor.
Ariel Mirabal: During dark brown
Gwenevere Abriel: Just notice your hands. What they're doing while you're in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are they up to
Ariel Mirabal: Together, I have my hands together in front of me just
Ariel Mirabal: Relax really relaxed.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you notice anything else in the room.
Ariel Mirabal: Can I say that I hear hummingbirds, because the windows open
Ariel Mirabal: Course, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: windows open
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Ariel Mirabal: I do hear hummingbirds. So I guess it's a piece
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the emotion you feel
Ariel Mirabal: Calm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Check in with your stomach and see if it concurs if there's any tightness and you twisting anything in there. Any, anything just scan the whole body. Maybe while you're in that space in this anchor room.
Gwenevere Abriel: Check the head. I saw kids ears scanning down into the mouth, the neck, the throat.
Gwenevere Abriel: Shoulders.
Gwenevere Abriel: Arms.
Gwenevere Abriel: Lungs.
Ariel Mirabal: butterflies in my stomach.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Anything else kind of moving sit bonds thighs knees calves feet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's talk a little bit more about that stomach. What do you think the butterflies.
Gwenevere Abriel: Messages. What does that have to say what's the message because something's going on.
Ariel Mirabal: I think that maybe it's
Ariel Mirabal: It's
Ariel Mirabal: It's a I mean it's obviously a, it's a good feeling. It's like I maybe I feel
Ariel Mirabal: Happy to be happy, or just to be at peace in that room quiet or
Ariel Mirabal: I mean, it's very interesting because I don't necessarily like to be by myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Stay here with me.
Ariel Mirabal: Stay here with anything that really makes me feel calm and very at peace and just totally okay. And it just felt I was happy about that. Like I was excited about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Stay with it. Stay right there with it, go back in to that, that the message from butterflies in the stomach is hey, I'm happy.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I feel at peace.
Gwenevere Abriel: And they can notice the hummingbird can notice the breeze as it may be touches the skin can notice your own breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: So just imagining that
Gwenevere Abriel: Lula Bell was in that space.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does it change to she meaning you blue belt. Do you want anything else in that room right now.
Ariel Mirabal: I mean, I see myself as Ludo running around so excited.
Ariel Mirabal: Playing with Barbies, and they're
Gwenevere Abriel: OK.
Ariel Mirabal: Cancel.
Ariel Mirabal: My daughter loves Barbies.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I, she's sitting, standing. Are you seeing more things in the room now.
Ariel Mirabal: Seeing a little bed like a little twin size bed.
Ariel Mirabal: A little canopy on it and then little
Ariel Mirabal: Princess castle with the Barbies. I'm running around the room playing with the Barbies.
Ariel Mirabal: Making them like
Ariel Mirabal: fly around play I
Ariel Mirabal: See myself just running. I'm going to move out here. That's okay.
Ariel Mirabal: I'm just going to move outside somebody just came out.
Gwenevere Abriel: And just try to stay with this without explaining it. Just try your best to stay with without going somewhere else. Okay, in your mind, we don't lose the work you're doing here.
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's running around flying the Barbies through the air and you're running so excited. There's a Barbie Castle, you can see a twin size bed and with a canopy any new colors emerge and the canopy and twin size, but
Ariel Mirabal: Pink.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pink. Pink. Pink.
Ariel Mirabal: light pink.
Pink.
Uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: And just the flooring change.
Ariel Mirabal: The forest is the same.
Gwenevere Abriel: Anything else change as little bell. Looks around.
Ariel Mirabal: It looks like the walls are all just pink.
Gwenevere Abriel: In temperature
Gwenevere Abriel: Same sounds
Ariel Mirabal: I mean, same I guess I would say just
Ariel Mirabal: Like not cold, but just a normal temperature right in between. Okay. Holden and just
Just
Ariel Mirabal: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, temperature,
Gwenevere Abriel: Check. Check on emotion house, you little bell. How you feeling, they're
Ariel Mirabal: Playful
Gwenevere Abriel: Down. Alright, so I'm going to get into the first part of the question. I remember I said there'd be three things we do memory with this is this is that third one.
Gwenevere Abriel: I invite you, not to rush to the answer, getting to it fastest isn't the most meaningful. It's an odd question, so give it time. Let me rephrase it a few times, let there be not let lots of silence to see if your body likes the answer if you really think you're you've got it. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: In this room.
Gwenevere Abriel: Little about
Gwenevere Abriel: What misinformation.
Gwenevere Abriel: At this age of six, did you absorb and have to believe
Gwenevere Abriel: In order to survive.
Gwenevere Abriel: This misinformation this lie that you had to believe at that age.
Gwenevere Abriel: Arielle knows the adult self knows his BS. It's not true.
Gwenevere Abriel: But little bell had to believe it in order to survive.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know little about what the misinformation was
Ariel Mirabal: You have to really think about that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Will sit with it, then don't don't rush it let it, let it happen. I'll just keep sort of paraphrasing it
Gwenevere Abriel: A little bell
Gwenevere Abriel: In order to survive.
Gwenevere Abriel: In that home.
Gwenevere Abriel: You had to believe something
Gwenevere Abriel: You make choices and decisions based on that. And what was the misinformation.
Gwenevere Abriel: It was a lie. You now know as an adult Arielle it's not true, but back then you had to believe it in order to survive.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you catching some of them passing by and rolling them out. And I'm wondering if you're having some guesses.
Ariel Mirabal: Having one and I'm kind of rolling it out because I don't know if it's
Ariel Mirabal: Really
Ariel Mirabal: I don't know. I'm not sure it's not an exact let me
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me here.
Ariel Mirabal: I keep thinking about my mom and
Ariel Mirabal: I mean she wasn't a liar, necessarily, but she always said things that obviously now today. I'm like, that was not true.
Ariel Mirabal: Like I mean things like everything's too good to be true type of stuff that she would say, and it wasn't necessarily things to survive. Really, it was just things to I grew up trying to accept everything that she said
Ariel Mirabal: And now that we're me. I'm all grown up. I do realize that she was not right about a lot of things.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so she stay there for a second.
Ariel Mirabal: And she used to say that all the time. Everything is to like literally too good to be true.
Okay.
Ariel Mirabal: So I never like ordered anything like growing up, I would never do things that look like there was a huge sale. I didn't even if it really was a huge sale, I would completely like walk right by and be like, whatever, that's too good to be true. It was always like that with me because
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so stay there. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: To stay there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nothing is as
Gwenevere Abriel: It appears
Gwenevere Abriel: Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: That
Gwenevere Abriel: Enjoyment that excitement that you perceive is not real.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's
Gwenevere Abriel: Not as good as it appears
Gwenevere Abriel: We're getting closer and closer
Ariel Mirabal: Look, I'm starting to think of other stuff now too.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, this is a pretty heavy, heavy one right here. So let me just see.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do it again. So just let let the let the answer comes so it's about little bell
Gwenevere Abriel: Noticing that outside that room.
Gwenevere Abriel: She has to cope adapt.
Gwenevere Abriel: To misinformation out there outside that room.
Gwenevere Abriel: Arielle knows the truth but out there in order for six year old you to survive in that family in that community in that culture, you had to believe it.
Gwenevere Abriel: What was the lie.
Ariel Mirabal: This is just the same thing or this am I staying
Gwenevere Abriel: The same thing to see what comes up.
Ariel Mirabal: People are terrible. My mom would say things about some people in the family.
Ariel Mirabal: Sara Lee, it's just always things that my mom would say
Ariel Mirabal: And I keep thinking about. And as far as the same thing.
Ariel Mirabal: Still can't think of a lie, necessarily.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, it's okay, it's not it's not supposed to be so concrete you're pushing hard for it to be a lie. That's why.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not that square. It's not that concrete just want to we go with what you did, which has to do with
Gwenevere Abriel: You would see things
Gwenevere Abriel: You would have a perception and your mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Would tell you what you're seeing and sensing is not what it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not that good.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not going to make you happy. That ain't that great. You can't trust what you see here feel sense
Gwenevere Abriel: And in fact,
Gwenevere Abriel: People can be terrible.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's see, we'll do this last part might need some refinement, but let me keep investigating here. So let's just see
Gwenevere Abriel: So I would like you to get in touch with sort of this dual awareness that Lubell kind of picture, picture either being her. You can kind of see her from a distance, and then Arielle and little bell
Gwenevere Abriel: Have access to communicating with each other. How might that happen, how might they be able to talk to one another. How, what do you picture.
Ariel Mirabal: I just pictured myself really talking to her face to face.
Gwenevere Abriel: How are you both in the room.
Ariel Mirabal: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay and so go real slow on this, try to catch the first response, not what you think the analysis is remember on here. I can do that for us.
Gwenevere Abriel: So little bell
Gwenevere Abriel: You do seem a little uncertain about what the misinformation was your only six
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Um, why don't you ask Arielle
Gwenevere Abriel: Were tell Arielle something. What do you want to tell her, ask her right now. First thing that comes up.
Ariel Mirabal: Were you scared.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay so little bell asks
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that right, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. And what are they looking at each other. They are face to face. Can they make eye contact.
Ariel Mirabal: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and what does Arielle respond with
Ariel Mirabal: Yes, she says, I was definitely scared.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what what is
It.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, but I did it. Yeah, definitely scared, but I did it.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, do you have anything you want to say too little about
Ariel Mirabal: Just to be strong and
Ariel Mirabal: Not to worry so much about what other people think.
Ariel Mirabal: And
Ariel Mirabal: To
Ariel Mirabal: Accept accepting thing now working on as an adult, but learn to
Gwenevere Abriel: How do you tell a six year old what you're trying to get across. How do you teach it to a little one.
Ariel Mirabal: I would say
Ariel Mirabal: If something bad happens, and there's nothing that you can do or say
Ariel Mirabal: Just
Ariel Mirabal: Take a deep breath.
Ariel Mirabal: And try to walk away.
Ariel Mirabal: And that's probably what I would try to say
Ariel Mirabal: Take a deep breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: What does she need to walk away and take a deep breath from
Ariel Mirabal: From the stress. Don't take in the stress. I mean, I can't tell a six year old that. But I mean, don't let it get you down. Don't let it make you sad. Don't let it overwhelm you.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the it. Look at her.
Gwenevere Abriel: She you telling her to take a deep breath and walk away from what what happens. What's happening tomorrow, what happens to her out there.
Ariel Mirabal: Just if anything happens if somebody is mean to her or hurts her feelings.
Ariel Mirabal: Or says something bad to her calls her name or
Gwenevere Abriel: Who might do that.
Ariel Mirabal: I don't know mean kids at school.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay it mean kids at school say call names. What else
Ariel Mirabal: Make fun
Gwenevere Abriel: Of
Yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: The rest of the house just down the hall and in
Gwenevere Abriel: This one, this is her world here.
Ariel Mirabal: I would tell her.
Ariel Mirabal: To try not to let things hurt her so so badly, try not to let your feelings get so hurt.
Ariel Mirabal: I don't know how I would say that to
Gwenevere Abriel: Look at her and tell her you understand what she's going through what's hurting her
Ariel Mirabal: I think it is that just
Ariel Mirabal: At the age of
Ariel Mirabal: Six.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your storytelling tell her.
Gwenevere Abriel: Talk to her. She needs what what does she need right now.
Ariel Mirabal: I would just be I mean love
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, how would you show her love.
Ariel Mirabal: I would hug her which is her. Hello.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep.
Gwenevere Abriel: How does it feel in the body right now to do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's going on.
Ariel Mirabal: It feels good.
Ariel Mirabal: Mom, just
Ariel Mirabal: I don't think she really knew how to do that.
Ariel Mirabal: I don't think we got. I got a lot of that, and neither did my brothers and sisters
Ariel Mirabal: She just wasn't she loved us. She still does. But she just
Ariel Mirabal: Maybe it was the way she was treated when she was a child, but she's just never
Ariel Mirabal: Been able to show
Ariel Mirabal: A lot of caring and love and
Gwenevere Abriel: Stay there. Notice, notice how that feels. In the body go in, catch, catch it inside
Gwenevere Abriel: What's going on with shifts are happening in your body. I should making contact with those emotions.
Ariel Mirabal: To satisfy itself sad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's take this case.
Gwenevere Abriel: This work that you did today and you worked very hard.
Gwenevere Abriel: And whatever you want to leave in this room, leave it there.
Gwenevere Abriel: can lock the door and you as this adult
Gwenevere Abriel: Can go about your day, kind of in contact with
Gwenevere Abriel: This sense of protector and guardian angel from dad. And you is
Gwenevere Abriel: That passion, you've kind of resonated with us an insurance producer right and your daughter reassuring you and wise figure and nurturing figure and protective figure just sort of really embrace that right now just sort of get in touch with that feeling of
Gwenevere Abriel: Being in your resource teams presence.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you have all of that around you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Connected to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And available to
Gwenevere Abriel: Just notice what you want to put a little distance from maybe you want to put it sort of standing on the hill and
Gwenevere Abriel: Rolling right writing them down and putting them in a ball letting them roll down
While you stay
Gwenevere Abriel: With
Gwenevere Abriel: Your resource team you stay up there grounded.
Gwenevere Abriel: scrunch that into a ball, whatever those memories images just to put some distance from it. Just so the rest of the day. You don't have to do all this analysis, we can do it in here together, you can just
Gwenevere Abriel: kind of bring closure to this work you did this morning by getting some distance from it. Can you kind of see it rolling down. Yeah. And you're up at the top.
Ariel Mirabal: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And who are you with what are you with
Ariel Mirabal: And by myself.
Ariel Mirabal: And it's just a really, really high grassy field grassy hill. I mean,
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you be present with additionally feeling safe feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: Through those figures.
Gwenevere Abriel: Through wise figure through nurturing figure in through protective figure because I'm noticing you're up there alone. Can you also be present with those those other pieces of imagery
Ariel Mirabal: Yes.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What emotion, are you feeling now.
Ariel Mirabal: No. Okay. I feel
Ariel Mirabal: Peaceful again.
Ariel Mirabal: Just OK.
OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's schedule another time to meet
Gwenevere Abriel: Really flew by. That's amazing.
Ariel Mirabal: It always goes fast. Every time I'm always like, oh my god, it's already been an hour feels like it's been 10 minutes
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, especially today because you were very deeply sort of immersed in this activity. It's not an easy thing to do to step away from all those memories, just to give give that right side of your brain a chance to use imagination.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you able to do same time may 20
Ariel Mirabal: Yes, this is
Ariel Mirabal: Perfect time
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what we'll do.
Ariel Mirabal: In this morning at 545
Ariel Mirabal: My daughter comes out.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's funny. Okay, so I'm sending I'll just say
Gwenevere Abriel: I just I've gotten in the habit now of just sending
Gwenevere Abriel: A message to the position.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you guys attended. I don't even keep track anymore. Whether there's bridging or anything by just sending a client attended individual counseling this morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I will. I'll see you in group.
Ariel Mirabal: I'll see you tomorrow. Thank you.